SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 252

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:


Use


Reload


Adjust volume


Power switch


On


Off


Examine


Equip


Unequip


Option


Map


Memo


Status


Equipment


Command


Combine


It looks like I can't use that here.


There's no use for just this.


This combination doesn't make any sense.


Put on shelf


Health drink(s)


Restores energy by providing nourishment. Effects are fairly mild.


First-aid kit(s)


Restores energy by healing wounds. Effects are moderate.


Ampoule(s)


Restores energy by relieving pain. Effects are powerful.


Handgun


Full clip holds 10 bullets. Light handgun. Not much stopping power, but easy to use.


Handgun bullet(s)


Bullets for a handgun.


Shotgun


Maximum capacity 6 shots. Tough to use, but can attack opponents in a group.


Shotgun shell(s)


Ammunition for a shotgun.


Hunting rifle


Maximum capacity 4 shots. Takes a long time between shots, but each shot is very powerful.


Rifle shell(s)


Ammunition for a hunting rifle.


Revolver
Револьвер


Max load 10 bullets. Easy to use but not much power.
Емкость барабана - 10 патронов. Не обладает большой останавливающей способностью, но прост в обращении.

Revolver bullet(s)
Патроны для револьвера


Bullet for revolver
Боеприпасы для револьвера


Hyper spray


Suspicious spray can. Effect unknown.


Wooden plank


Wooden plank with nails on one end. Not very powerful, but easy to use.



Steel pipe


3-foot long steel pipe. Not very destructive, but good range.


Great knife


Massive weapon wielded by Pyramid Head. Hard to use, but lethal.


Chainsaw


Gas-powered chainsaw. Extremely high attack power.


Chinese cleaver


Square-bladed knife. Ugly, but powerful and easy to use.


Flashlight


One-touch ON/OFF power switch. Currently in breast pocket.


Radio


Small portable radio. Emits static when monsters are nearby.


Photo of Mary


A photo from when she was still healthy.


Letter from Mary


That's definitely Mary's name in her own handwriting on the front of the envelope.


Laura's letter


Letter supposedly given to Laura by Mary.


Videotape


Videotape I forgot at the hotel three years ago.


Angela's knife


Knife from Angela. I don't plan on using this as a weapon.


Dog key


Found inside a dog house. No idea where to use it.


Apartment gate key


Old-looking key that I found in town.


Key to room 202


"202" is written on the top of the key. Got it in room 208.


Clock key


There's a small clock at the end of the key. It was in a hole in the wall in room 202.


Courtyard key


Key to door which leads from the westside stairway hall to the courtyard.


Fire escape key


Key to door leading from hallway to fire escape. Found in 3rd floor hall.


Lyne house key


It was in the coin puzzle desk. The tag on it says "Lyne".


Apartment stairway key


Key to door that leads from the westside apartment hall to the stairway.


Examination room key


"Examination room" is written on the tag. Found it in the pocket of the white lab jacket in the men's locker room.


Roof key


Key to roof of office wing. Got it in the 3rd floor hospital room where Maria is resting.


"Purple Bull" key


A bull is drawn on it in purple. It was on the desk in the document room.


"Lapis Eye" key


An eye is carved into the top of the key. The iris part is made of a lapis lazuli.


Elevator key


"Patient wing elevator" is written on the tag. It was stuck in the bath pipe.


Basement storeroom key


It was inside the wall with that strange painting. It's the key to the hospital basement's storeroom.


Hospital lobby key


Found in the Director's office. Key to hospital's front lobby.


Old bronze key


Antique-looking bronze key. It was hidden behind one of those statues lined up in the park.


Spiral-writing key


Key with slim, 3-inch long cylinder attached. The cylinder is engraved with spiral writing.


Key of the Persecuted.


Key left by prisoner who was wrongly executed.


Key to hotel room 312


Key to room number 312 in the hotel. It was lying behind the counter of the lobby reception desk.


Key to hotel room 204


Key to room number 204. Took it from the bag inside the cloakroom.


Employee elevator key


The tag on it says: "Employee elevator." Found it in room 204.


Bar key


Key to door which goes from hotel's underground bar to hallway. Found it in boiler room.


"Fish" key


Key with fish-shaped key holder. It was on top of the restaurant table.


Hotel stairway key


Key to door from stairway to 3rd floor hall. It was hidden inside the big music box in the lobby.


Canned juice


Six-pack of canned juice. It was in the hallway on the 1st floor.


Coin [Snake]


Large coin imprinted with a snake. I found it in that pool with no water.
Большая монета с оттиском змеи. Я нашел ее в том бассейне, где не было воды.


Coin [Old Man]
Монета [Старик]


Large coin imprinted with the face of an old person. Took it out of the trash chute exit.


Coin [Prisoner]


Large coin imprinted with image of a prisoner. Found it in the west apartment building.


Piece of hair


Long brown hair. It was in that "box."


Bent needle


Rusty, bent needle. It was stuck in the stuffed animal in the locker room.


Dry cell battery


Got it in the hospital room. Just an ordinary dry cell battery.


Copper ring


I found in the basement of the hospital. It's engraved with a picture of a spider.


Lead ring


Ring from the refrigerator. It's engraved with a disgusting, bloated face.


Wrench


I found this on the Lindsey street. It's a tool used for turning nuts and bolts.


Tablet of "The Oppressor"


Metal tablet with "The Oppressor" drawn on one side. Found it in the cell.


Tablet of "Gluttonous Pig"


Metal tablet with "Gluttonous Pig" drawn on one side. Found it in the dining room.


Tablet of "The Seductress"


Metal tablet with "Seductress" drawn on one side. Found it in the shower room.


Horseshoe


Metal horseshoe. It was hanging in the door of the square.


Lighter


Metal lighter. Looks like its flame is stronger than normal lighters.


Wax doll


Doll carved from wax. It was lying in the cell.


Wire cutter


Tool for cutting wires or electric cables.


Thinner


Small can filled with thinner. It was lying inside the elevator.


"Little Mermaid" music box


Music box with figure from the fairy tale, "The Little Mermaid", attached. Found at the garden fountain.


"Cinderella" music box


Music box with figure from the fairy tale, "Cinderella", attached. Found inside trunk in room 202.


"Snow White" music box


Music box with "Snow White" drawn on it. Found in pantry.


Can opener


Tool for opening cans.


Light bulb


Found inside can in kitchen of bar. Normal light bulb.


Rust-colored egg


It's about the size of a quail's egg. Pyramid Head was holding it.


Scarlet egg


About the size of a quail's egg. Pyramid Head was holding it.


Book: "Lost Memories"


A book about the history and legends of this town and the surrounding area.


Book: "Crimson Ceremony"


About some ancient god. Author unknown.


White chrism


Glass bottle containing milky white anointing oil.


Obsidian goblet


Ancient-looking goblet carved from pure obsidian. Found it in the old museum.


Blue Gem
Синий самоцвет


Maybe I could use it somewhere...
Может быть, я смогу его где-нибудь использовать...


White Board
Белая пластина


White metal board with square holes punched into it. Found in 2nd floor Entrance Hall.
Белая металлическая пластина с квадратными отверстиями. Найдена в вестибюле 2-го этажа.


Black Board
Черная пластина


Black metal board with square holes punched into it. Found in mansion's 2nd floor garden.
Черная металлическая пластина с квадратными отверстиями. Найдена саду особняка на 2-м этаже.


Red Board
Красная пластина


Red metal board with square holes punched into it. Found in mansion's 2nd floor garden.
Красная металлическая пластина с квадратными отверстиями. Найдена саду особняка на 2-м этаже.


Acacia key
Ключ акации


Engraved with an Acacia flower. Found embedded in stone slab.
На нем выгравирован цветок акции. Вытащен из каменной плиты.


Matches
Спички


Only 2 or 3 matches are left. Found in Kid's Room.
Осталось 2-3 спички. Найдены в детской


Birthday Card
Открытка с днем рождения


Birthday Card and Present from Amy (contents unknown)
Открытка и подарок на день рождения от Эми (содержание неизвестно)


White liquid
Белая жидкость


Small bottle filled with an unknown white liquid. The label reads "I deny thee".
Бутылочка с неизвестной белой жидкостью. На этикетке написано "Я отрекаюсь от тебя".


It looks like it's the same type of battery as the flashlight.


The blade is stained with something red.


Now that I think of it, there was a big clock in room 208...


The reverse side of the coin is a crescent moon.


It looks like an old man.


This prisoner looks like a woman.


It says "courtyard".


I got my hand stepped on the first time I tried to get this. I wonder what happened to that kid...?


The tag attached to it says "fire escape".


There was a fire escape at the far west end of the 2nd floor hallway. Maybe I can use it there?


This must be the key mentioned in that note. The one that says it was "left with Uncle David".


It says "North stairway".


It says: "'Tis doubt which leadeth thee to Purgatory."


Room 312 is the room Mary and I stayed in three years ago.


"Silent Hill" is written on the label in my handwriting.


This is definitely the videotape I recorded back then.


A snake is carved into its stem.


In my restless dreams, I see that town. Silent Hill. You promised you'd take me there again someday. But you never did. Well I'm alone there now... In our "special place"... Waiting for you...


There's nothing written on the stationary.


There is nothing in the envelope.


My dearest Laura, I'm leaving this letter with Rachel to give to you
after I'm gone. I'm far away now. In a quiet, beautiful place. Please forgive me for not saying goodbye before I left. Be well, Laura. Don't be too hard on the sisters. And Laura, about James... I know you hate him because you think he isn't nice to me, but please give him a chance. It's true he may be a little surly sometimes, and he doesn't laugh much. But underneath he's really a sweet person. Laura... I love you like my very own daughter. If things had worked out differently, I was hoping to adopt you. Happy 8th birthday, Laura. Your friend forever, Mary


 The name comes from the legend of the people whose land was stolen from them. They called this place "The Place of the Silent Spirits." By "Spirits," they meant not only their dead relatives, but also the spirits that they believed inhabited the trees, rocks and water around them. According to legend, this was where the holiest ceremonies took place. But it was not the ancestors of those who now live in this town that first stole the land from these people. There were others who came before. In those days, this town went by another name. But that name is now hopelessly lost in the veils of time. All we know is that there was another name, and that for some reason the town was once abandoned by its residents.


Speak. I am the Crimson One. The lies and the mist are not they but I. You all know that I am One. Yes, and the One is I. Believers hearken to me! Twenty score men and seven thousand beasts. Heed my words and speaketh them to all, that they shall ever be obeyed even under the light of the proud and merciless sun. I shall bring down bitter vengeance upon thee and thou shalt suffer my eternal wrath. The beauty of the withering flower and the last struggles of the dying man, they are my blessings. Thou shalt ever call upon me and all that is me in the place that is silent. Oh, proud fragrance of life which flies towards the heart. Oh Cup which brims with the whitest of wine, it is in thee that all begins.


Is this thing out of batteries? It won't light up when I press the switch.


Is this thing broken? Pressing the switch doesn't do anything.


I put the health drink on the shelf.


I put the first-aid kit on the shelf.


I put the ampoule on the shelf.


I put the handgun on the shelf.


I put the handgun bullets on the shelf.


I put the shotgun on the shelf.


I put the shotgun shells on the shelf.


I put the hunting rifle on the shelf.


I put the rifle shells on the shelf.


I put the hyper spray on the shelf.


I put the plank on the shelf.


I put the steel pipe on the shelf.


I put the great knife on the shelf.


I put the chainsaw on the shelf.


I put the flashlight on the shelf.


I put the radio on the shelf.


I put the photo of Mary on the shelf.


I put the letter from Mary on the shelf.


I put Laura's letter on the shelf.


I put Angela's knife on the shelf.


I put the examination room key on the shelf.


I put the key to hotel room 312 on the shelf.


I put the thinner on the shelf.


I put the "Little Mermaid" music box on the shelf.


I put the "Cinderella" music box on the shelf.


I put the book: "Lost Memories" on the shelf.


I put the white chrism on the shelf.


I put the obsidian goblet on the shelf.


I put the dog key on the shelf.


The reverse side shows a gravestone.


The reverse side shows an egg.


When the White Breath is found, I shall dedicate this thing. Oh Spirit of the Mist, Grant us fortune eternal.
Когда Белое Дыхание будет найдено, Я освящу эту вещь. О, дух Мглы, Даруй нам счастье вечно.


is written on the back.
написано на обороте.


When the Dark Grail is found, I shall dedicate this thing. You who deny Death, Grant us fortune eternal.
Когда Темный Грааль будет найден, я освящу эту вещь. Ты, кто отвергает Смерть, Даруй нам счастье вечно.


is written on the back.
написано на обороте.


When the Crimson Words are found, I shall dedicate this thing. Oh you Gods deep in slumber, Grant us fortune eternal.
Когда Багровые Слова будут найдены, я освящу эту вещь. О вы, глубоко дремлющие Боги, Даруйте нам счастье вечно.


is written on the back.
написано на обороте.


TO MY DEAREST DADDY HAPPY BIRTHDAY! FROM AMY BALDWIN
МОЕМУ ЛЮБИМОМУ ПАПОЧКЕ С ДНЕМ РОЖДЕНИЯ! ОТ ЭМИ БОЛДУИН


Options
Параметры


I put the blue gem on the shelf.
Я положил синий самоцвет на полку.
