SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 115

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:


Swamp Monument


"The Road to Tomorrow"


"How to be a Happy Couple"


"Choosing Death"


Wall scratches


Three needles stand of three different heights.


"Three different sizes, time on the run."


Article about murder incident


Sightseeing brochure


Wallet in toilet bowl


Torn photograph


"Dear Tim"


"Three bright coins in five holes be"


"First lies the seat of He"


"Like coins in the hazy aether tossed"


"To the right is the lady."


Patient record


Doctor's journal


Whiteboard graffiti


Imprint on carbon paper


Diary from roof


"Tern tern tern the numbers"


"Louise"


"She is an angel"


"I took the direckters's key"


"Trick or Treat"


"Waterfront landscape"


Pyramid Head painting


Inscription on gallows


Legend of the Lake


Blood-soaked newspaper


"Please someone save me"


"Dead men, dead men"


Condemned man's diary


"Death upon the head of the sinner"


Receptionist memo


Photos of trunk


"i know it i know the number of the box"


Memo next to corpse #1


Memo next to corpse #2


Memo next to corpse #3


Memo next to corpse #4


Memo next to corpse #5


Memo next to corpse #6


Newspaper from shop window


"The missing child was nowhere"


"Death upon the head of the sinner"


Words written on the wall.


Number written on the whiteboard


Remains of XXXX Swamp
The x meters of land surrounding this monument was originally swamp, but was later filled in. From long ago, the swamp was nicknamed Blood Swamp because the executioners poured the water used to wash the execution tools in here. Perhaps it's for that reason that many people claim to have seen ghosts in the area.


"The Road to Tomorrow"
 The first step to a healthy life is to avoid illness. That may sound obvious, but it's also very important.
 Instead of working to heal yourself after you're sick, it's better to avoid getting sick in the first place.
 Also you have to maintain a positive, optimistic outlook on life. It's no use worrying over things that have happened in the past. 
 You've got to get outside and play in the fresh air once in a while, instead of just sitting inside reading difficult books.


"How to be a Happy Couple"
 Do you really love her?
 In sickness and in health?
 If you truly love her, then you must act. It all depends on how hard you fight for her.
 Whatever happens, don't give up. Always try just one more time. Even though there may be hard times, never turn to another woman.
 And if it comes to it, you must be willing to protect her with your very life. After all, true love means a willingness to sacrifice.
 Be true to your heart and with luck, things will work out in the end.


"Choosing Death"
 When life is filled with nothing but despair, some people choose to end it all. 
 I once chose that path for myself as well.
 At the time I felt that I had no other choices.
 After I made my decision, it became the only thing binding me into this world.
 Sometimes I would cry to myself while thinking of the past, but mostly all I did was plan over and over again how and when I was going to kill myself.
 I did stupid, dangerous things. I figured it didn't matter since I was going to die anyway, so I went out of my way to invite disaster.
 I stopped talking to people and it didn't bother me even when friendships grew distant.


Henry
Mildred
Scott


Three needles stand of three different heights.
The fat, the tall and the thin.
From slow to fast they move to the right.
Scott rests not on three, but fifteen.


Three different sizes, time on the run.
Three young men circlin' round the sun.
Henry is short and very, very slow,
Scott can't stop, he's always on the go.


 The police announced today that Walter Sullivan, who was arrested on the 18th of this month for the brutal murder of Billy Locane and his sister Miriam, committed suicide in his jail cell early on the morning of the 22nd.
 According to the police statement, Sullivan used a soup spoon to stab himself in the neck,
severing his carotid artery.
 By the time the guard discovered him, Sullivan was dead from blood loss, the spoon buried two inches in his neck.
 An old schoolmate of Walter Sullivan's from his hometown of Pleasant River said "He didn't look like the type of guy who would kill kids.
 But I do remember that just before they arrested him he was blurting out all sorts of strange stuff like 'He's trying to kill me. He's trying to punish me. The monster... the red devil. Forgive me. I did it, but it wasn't me!'."
 The schoolmate then added "I guess now that I think of it, he was kinda crazy."


Welcome to Silent Hill!
 Silent Hill, a quiet little lakeside resort town. We're happy to have you. Take some time out of your busy schedules and enjoy a nice restful vacation here.
 Row after row of quaint old houses, a gorgeous mountain landscape, and a lake which shows different sides of its beauty with the passing of the day, from sunrise to late afternoons to sunset.
 Silent Hill will move you and fill you with a feeling of deep peace. I hope your time here will be pleasant and your memories will last forever.
Editor: Roger Widmark


 >> << >>


Dear Tim,
 I have to run an errand so I'm going out.
 I left the house key with Uncle David (You know where he lives, don't you? The key is in the room near the first floor staircase.).
 I'll be back as soon as I can, so please watch the place while I'm gone.


Three bright coins in five holes be
At one end sits the Seducer of she
The wind from behind the woman doth play
The Formless One, Null, lies furthest from they
The Old One beside the Serpent sits not.
Tis to the Prisoner's left that he doth rot


First lies the seat of
He who is Peerless
Silent and empty, heartless and fearless
Beside him sits one who knows
The place of the servant is next to the throne

Dozens of feet, yet not a single toe
The One that is Hidden beside him doth go
Seducer of dreams, creature of Hades
Lying further from Man and closer to Lady

Man and Woman seeing all
Heedless to the Raven's call

Silent and Hidden the two may be
They be not there for you to see

Return them to whence they would be
And blessing shall descend on thee

I speak thus with the North Star behind me
The birth of the sun is the start of the story


Like coins in the hazy aether tossed
Our souls must by their sinful weight
Descend to earth with lightness lost

To "right" the sins that they hath laid
When thrice in falling they intone
Then Happiness shall be thy own

The first note be not by the Horned One rung
Though it be there that all sins be sprung

The Bringer of Life and the Bringer of Shame 
The sins of the latter be ever more tame

Though coming in the Aged One's wake
The Formless One's soul in fear doth quake

The Needless One, silent, with hungers all sated 
Is least then in sin with his lusts all abated

For the gravest of sinners
His place be appointed
And if he be lucky
May his soul be anointed


To the right is the lady.
To the left is the old one.
In the center crawls the other.
Now just two spaces remain,
But fear not for now,
The puzzle is done.
The puzzle is done.


[Jack Davis]
He has attempted suicide three times in the past for reasons unknown. Although he is normally a model patient who follows doctor's and nurse's orders, he must be watched closely due to his past pattern of sudden and violent suicide attempts.
[Joseph Barkin]
His illness seems to be rooted in the fact that he believes he is guilty of causing his daughter's death. His symptoms suggest a psychotic break and paranoid delusions. Normally calm, but has a tendency towards violence when excited.
[Joshua Lewis]
History of hospitalization as well as numerous assault, battery and other violent offenses. He has a strong persecution complex and a tendency to solve things through violence. Extreme caution necessary.


 The potential for this illness exists in all people and, under the right circumstances, any man or woman would be driven, like him, to "the other side."
 The "other side" perhaps may not be the best way to phrase it.
 After all, there is no wall between here and there. It lies on the borders where reality and unreality intersect. It is a place both close and distant.
 Some say it isn't even an illness. I cannot agree with them. I'm a doctor, not a philosopher or even a psychiatrist.
 But sometimes I have to ask myself this question. It's true that to us his imaginings are nothing but the inventions of a busy mind. But to him, there simply is no other reality.
 Furthermore he is happy there.
 So why, I ask myself, why in the name of healing him must we drag him painfully into the world of our own reality?
Something else is written by hand.
I got the key from Joseph. It's probably the key to that box.


 The pin number this month is "T". Last month it was "X" and before that it was "Z."
 But what are they going to do next month? That's all they can express with 4 numbers.
 Anyway does the door to the Patient Wing really need to have its combination changed this often?


i know it the secret i'll give them something to deal with this demon shelter is of no use any more he is my instrument he must follow my orders yes, the box will be useless now i must not forget it that's good he is the lowest now i too will be free and he will serve me i am a genius no one can stop me one can stop me no one can stop me can stop can stop no no


i know it i know the number of the box it cant help him anymore the button key doesnt scare me so nobody can stop who i am i dont know who i am is who i am is who i am is


May 9
 Rain.
 Stared out the window all day.
 Peaceful here - nothing to do.
 Still not allowed to go outside.
May 10
 Still raining.
 Talked with the doctor a little.
 Would they have saved me if I didn't have a family to feed?
 I know I'm pathetic, weak.
 Not everyone can be strong.
May 11
 Rain again.
 The meds made me feel sick today.
 If I'm only better when I'm drugged, then who am I anyway?
May 12
 Rain as usual.
 I don't want to cause any more trouble for anyone, but I'm a bother either way.
 Can it really be a such a sin to run instead of fight?
 Some people may say so, but they don't have to live in my shoes.
 It may be selfish, but it's what I want.
 It's too hard like this.
 It's just too hard....
May 13
 It's clear outside.
 The doctors told me I've been released - that I've got to go home.
 I


Tern tern tern the numbers better not forget them
So I'll right them down here
The other one, my secret name


Louise
I'll take care of you four ever.
It's my destiny!


She is an angel no one knows only I can see the Lady of the Door they cannot walk along her Bridge of Thread they fall from the weight of their crimes.
Like bloated and ugly corpses their sins she devours them sin and sinner alike she saves
me she is an angel.


I took the direckters's key - the one to the mooseum. I hid it behind the preying woman when
I went out for the day trip. I picked it up but I did not steal it. I'm not a krimminal.


"Waterfront landscape"
Allen Smith (Date of birth and death unknown)
A scene of this area from long ago. 
From the style, it looks like it was done sometime around 1820.
There were a lot fewer people then, and only a handful of buildings.


I give you blood to atone for the Three Sins.


Toluca Lake, the town's main tourist attraction.
 This clear, beautiful lake has another side as well.
 It may seem like just a typical ghost story that you might find in any number of old towns
across the country.
 But in this case, the legend is true.
 On a fog-bound November day in 1918, the Little Baroness, a ship filled with tourists, failed to return to port.
 A newspaper article from back then simply says "It most likely sunk for some reason". Despite
an extensive police search, not a single fragment of the ship nor any of the 14 bodies of passengers or crew has ever been recovered to this day.
 In 1939, an even stranger incident occurred.
There are many pages torn out.
 Many corpses rest at the bottom of this lake. Their bony hands reach up towards the boats that pass overhead. Perhaps they reach for their comrades.


The body of a man later identified as Thomas Orosco (Lumberjack, age 39) was discovered in the middle of his room lying face up.
 The probable cause of death was multiple stab wounds to the front of the neck and the left side of the torso by a sharp edged weapon. The estimated time of death was somewhere between 11:00 p.m. and 12:30 midnight.
 Due to signs of struggle in the room and the lack of a murder weapon, police are considering
this a homicide and have opened a murder investigation.
 Furthermore, given the fact that the cash in the room was untouched and Mr. Orosco had a history of drunkenness and violence, the police suspect that the motive was not robbery but some sort of crime of passion. 


He committed an evil crime. He turned a happy home into a pile of ash. For that, he should die. They also committed crimes. They tried to fraud and trick others. So their reward too is natural. Even he cannot be forgiven, My friend without his left hand. And so his death bothers me not. And what of him? He also is not sinless. There is only one here who is innocent. The missing child was nowhere to be found, And so there was no proof of his guilt. His death was a tragedy. That is all I wish to say. It was neither justice nor retribution.


Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree
How many dead men do you see?
Tongue turned blue and face gone grey
Watch them as they twist and sway

The first one killed the butcher man
Then cooked him in the frying pan
Served him to his hungry guests
And gave them seconds on request

The next one with his smile and sweets
Stole poor children off the streets
To men who dressed unsavory
He sold them into slavery

Breaking into a home at night
The thief he had a nasty fright
Filled his foolish head with ale
Woke in the morn in the county jail

The artist with his daunting skill
Tried his hand at painting bills
But caught in rain he was undone
When the ink he'd use did start to run

With promises of great return
Taking gold he did not earn
Bundled it up out of sight
Quietly slipped off into night

Three houses into ashes burned
The sheriff with no place to turn
Did spy a stranger to his town
Locked him up and beat him down

Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree
How many dead men do you see?
Six feet long and six men wide
Round their necks the noose be tied


 I do not wish to die.
 But tomorrow I will climb the thirteen steps.
 Please someone - answer me, Why must I die come the morning?
 The man imprisoned beside me believed me. "Because they're all insane, that's why," he said.
 Of course I know his opinion will change nothing. "Now you know why I struck out at them," he muttered.
 The man who was executed yesterday, the one who had said his job was to sell dreams, said that was not true.
 But the man who is to be executed the day after tomorrow for stealing children shouted back that it was true.
 The man who was hung today did not answer. "They'll kill me either way," he said. He was caught embezzling public money, so he hasn't any hope for mercy. 
 The man who is always quietly smiling to himself said "I am happy for I will soon be with her."
 I do not wish to die.
 I long only to return home.
 But I know it is not to be.
 Though I have done nothing, this crime has been thrust upon me.
 Someone save me. This is not judgement. They are bloodthirsty and I am their sacrificial lamb!


We may visit death upon the head  of the sinner but to what avail? In the name of retribution, we took part in a bitter comedy this day. You, hanging as you do, by your neck, Unforgiven and cursed by all. Five of them committed crimes, six went out for a drink and were captured there. Only one of them was innocent, but they knew not that. The bloodstains remaining are proof of their guilt. Trodden upon and thus created, they are the paths to Hell or the Void. The white bandages stained with crimson, The remains upon the scorched black earth, The whispered cries of
the maiden. They are but a meaningless contract. They are also signs of guilt. But one of them was done without reason. It was done out of fear and a ripe imagination. Spinning alone at the
end of a rope, it is nothing less than a disgrace to us all.


Mr. James Sunderland,
 The videotape you forgot here is being kept in the office on the 1st floor.


"Misty day, remains of the Judgment"


3rd floor patient wing hall - 7335


I'm going to write everything that I've learned so far. Maybe that will help you out somehow. If you're reading this, it probably means I'm already dead.


I saw those demons. They were there, I'm certain. But my friend says he didn't see anything.
If that's true, does that mean that what I saw was an illusion? But whether that demon that
ate human beings was real, or whether it was just some kind of hallucination that my mind dreamed up... one thing I know for sure is that I'm beyond all hope.


 It seems that they're attracted to light. That's why people who need light to see are their natural prey.
 They also react strongly to sound.
 If you want to go on living, you'd be better off just sitting in the dark and staying quiet.
 But even that probably won't save you.


If you're going to try to fight them, the most important thing is to relax. It's dangerous to fire a gun while you're all crazy with fear. Take good aim, and then squeeze the trigger. And don't forget to finish them off. I think most of those creatures can be killed, even if they are tougher than people.


Run away.


Run away! Run away! Run away!
Run away! Run away! Run away!
Run away! Run away! Run away!


If you really want to see Mary, you should just die. But you might be heading to a different place than Mary, James.


There was a HOLE here. It's gone now.


"There's a letter and a wrench."


"The key is in the park."


He who is not bold enough to be stared at from across the abyss is not bold enough to stare into it himself. The truth can only be learned by marching forward. Follow the map. There's a letter and a wrench.


Or perhaps you are a fool. The truth usually betrays people.
A part of that abyss is in the old society.
The key to the society is in the park. At the foot of the praying woman, inside of the ground, inside of a box. To open it, I need a wrench.
My patient buried it there. I knew, but did nothing. It made me uneasy to have such a thing near. I wasn't looking for the truth, I was looking for tranquility.
I also saw that thing. I fled, but the museum was sealed as well. Now no one dares to approach that place.
If you still do not wish to stop, James, I pray to the Lord to have mercy on your eternal soul.


"The basement's basement."


I was locked up inside the basement's basement.
It was so small and dark and I was so afraid.
I dropped my precious ring.
But I will never, ever go back there.


Painting 1, from cell.


Painting 2, from cell.


Painting 3, from cell.


Burning Man


Woman in Flight


436 People at a Recital


Map found on bar


Map found near bridge


Prison guard's diary


 Prisoners do not feel remorse. In fact, they do not feel themselves to be villains at all. Even the most uneducated brute will use what little words he knows to justify himself.
 And such trifling dreams they have, flourishing even in the darkness. Prisoners, too, are no exception.
 No matter how foul nor loathsome one's own life and existence may be, human nature is abiding. 


Inner Garden Tombstone
Надгробный камень внутреннего сада


Plant Encyclopedia: Acacia
Энциклопедия растений: Акация


"Lost Memories"
"Утраченные воспоминания"


Along with you died joy.
All that remains is despair and a future of meaningless tomorrows.
But I will never give up.
One, to see your beautiful smile again.
One, to beg the blessings of the Gods.
I wait for that day.
When the boards cover all
All sadness too will be covered
But until my dreams return to reality
I will have to swallow all the pain.
Вместе с тобой умерла радость.
Остались лишь отчаяние и бессмыслие грядущих дней.

Но я никогда не сдамся.
Чтобы вновь увидеть твою прекрасную улыбку,
чтобы вымолить благословение у богов.
Я жду этого дня.
 
Когда пластины все покроют
Вся печаль тоже будет покрыта
Но пока мои мечты не вернутся в реальность
Мне придется смириться с болью.


Acacia
 A genus of evergreen trees of the mimosa tribe of the pea family.
 Its tiny flowers are yellow or white and grow in clusters. Common varieties include the "gum tree."
 The Acacia Tree is a potent symbol in many religions across the world.
In Christianity it represents eternal life and morality. 
 In ancient Egypt it represented purity and rebirth, while in ancient Babylonia it was thought of as the tree of the Goddess Ishtar and was a symbol of Life.
 It was also a holy tree to the ancient Jews, who built the sacred Ark of the Covenant from it and for whom it signified a peaceful death and a release from grief.
Акация

Род вечнозеленых деревьев трибы мимозовых семейства бобовых.
 Маленькие желтые или белые цветы образуют соцветия. Среди распространенных разновидностей - "эвкалиптовое дерево".

 Дерево акации является важным символом во многих религиях мира.
В христианстве оно олицетворяет вечную жизнь и нравственность.

 В Древнем Египте оно олицетворяло непорочность и перерождение, а в Древней Вавилонии считалось деревом богини Иштар и символизировало Жизнь.

 Это дерево было священным для древних иудеев, построивших из него священный Ковчег Завета, и для которых оно означало мирную смерть и избавление от скорби.


"Lost Memories"
I have the strongest trust -- you may even call it faith -- in the miracle called "Resurrection of the Dead."
Upon the hill where the light descended, the Beast intoned his song. With words of blood,
drops of mist and the vessel of night, the grave become an open field. 
The people wept in fear and joy at the reunion, but my faith in the salvation of Xuchilpaba did not waver.
It is also spoken of in the ancient legends. The original worshippers did not believe that death was the end but that it was simply the path by which the deceased returned to nature. They also believed the process was reversible.
There's something imprinted towards the bottom of the page.
Blood = Red,
Mist = White,
Night = Black
"Утраченные воспоминания"

Я твердо верю - можно даже сказать, фанатично верю - в чудо под названием "Воскресение из мертвых".

На холме,
куда спустился свет,
Зверь запел свою песню.
Слова крови,
капли тумана и
сосуд ночи
превратили могилу в открытое поле.

Люди рыдали в страхе и радости от воссоединения, но моя вера в спасение Ксучильпабы не поколебалась.

Об этом также гласят древние легенды. Первопоклонники верили в то, что смерть - это не конец, а просто путь, по которому усопший возвращается к природе. Они также считали, что этот процесс обратим.

Внизу страницы что-то приписано.

Кровь = Красная,
Мгла = Белая,
Ночь = Черная
