SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 11

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:


There's a scrap of paper on the ground. Just some doodle... Huh, something is written on it.
She is an angel no one knows only I can see the Lady of the Door they cannot walk along her Bridge of Thread they fall from the weight of their crimes. Like bloated and ugly corpses their sins she devours them sin and sinner alike she saves me she is an angel.
На земле лежит клочок бумаги. Какие-то каракули... Хм, на нем что-то написано.
memo_msg_e 651


She is an angel no one knows only I can see the Lady of the Door they cannot walk along her Bridge of Thread they fall from the weight of their crimes.
Like bloated and ugly corpses their sins she devours them sin and sinner alike she saves me she is an angel.
memo_msg_e 651


I put the copper ring on the "hand" of the lady in the painting.
Я надел медное кольцо на "руку" женщины на картине.


I put the lead ring on the "hand" of the lady in the painting.
Я надел свинцовое кольцо на "руку" женщины на картине.


I'm pressing the buttons but the elevator doesn't move.
stage_hospital_1f_f_msg_e 57


There's a painting of a woman on the door. Oddly enough, the hand part of the painting is actually 3D and sticks out.
На двери нарисована женщина. Странно, но часть руки на картине объёмна и выступает наружу.


I push the button but nothing happens.
Я нажимаю на кнопку, но ничего не происходит.


There's a piece of paper on the bed. Something is written on it, but it's too dark to read.
На кровати листок бумаги. На нем что-то написано, но в темноте не разобрать.


There are empty medicine bottles here. Is this what Maria was taking?
Пустые баночки из-под лекарств. Их принимала Мария?


Is Maria sick now too...?
Неужели и Мария тоже больна...?


Maria's not here... Where could she have gone?
Марии нет... Куда она пропала?


There's nothing useful here.
Здесь ничего полезного.
