SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 38

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:



This man was hung for the crime of murder. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за убийство. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of thievery. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за воровство. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of kidnapping. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за похищение. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of swindling. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за мошенничество. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of embezzlement. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за хищения. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of bodily injury. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за насилие. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of counterfeiting. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за подделку. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



This man was hung for the crime of arson. Justice and revenge have been served.
Этот человек был повешен за поджог. Правосудие и справедливость восторжествовали.



His face is covered with a piece of paper. There's something written on it.
Лицо закрыто листом бумаги. На нем что-то написано.


He committed an evil crime.
He turned a happy home into a pile of ash.
For that, he should die.
They also committed crimes.
They tried to fraud and trick others.
So their reward too is natural.
Even he cannot be forgiven,
My friend without his left hand.
And so his death bothers me not.
And what of him?
He also is not sinless.
There is only one here who is innocent.
The missing child was nowhere to be found,
And so there was no proof of his guilt.
His death was a tragedy.
That is all I wish to say.
It was neither justice nor retribution.

memo_msg_e 928


Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree
How many dead men do you see?
Tongue turned blue and face gone grey
Watch them as they twist and sway

The first one killed the butcher man
Then cooked him in the frying pan
Served him to his hungry guests
And gave them seconds on request

The next one with his smile and sweets
Stole poor children off the streets
To men who dressed unsavory
He sold them into slavery

Breaking into a home at night
The thief he had a nasty fright
Filled his foolish head with ale
Woke in the morn in the county jail

The artist with his daunting skill
Tried his hand at painting bills
But caught in rain he was undone
When the ink he'd use did start to run

With promises of great return
Taking gold he did not earn
Bundled it up out of sight
Quietly slipped off into night

Three houses into ashes burned
The sheriff with no place to turn
Did spy a stranger to his town
Locked him up and beat him down

Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree
How many dead men do you see?
Six feet long and six men wide
Round their necks the noose be tied

memo_msg_e 992


 I do not wish to die.
 But tomorrow I will climb the thirteen steps.
 Please someone - answer me, Why must I die come the morning?
 The man imprisoned beside me believed me. "Because they're all insane, that's why," he said.
 Of course I know his opinion will change nothing. "Now you know why I struck out at them," he muttered.
 The man who was executed yesterday, the one who had said his job was to sell dreams, said that was not true.
 But the man who is to be executed the day after tomorrow for stealing children shouted back that it was true.
 The man who was hung today did not answer. "They'll kill me either way," he said. He was caught embezzling public money, so he hasn't any hope for mercy. 
 The man who is always quietly smiling to himself said "I am happy for I will soon be with her."
 I do not wish to die.
 I long only to return home.
 But I know it is not to be.
 Though I have done nothing, this crime has been thrust upon me.
 Someone save me. This is not judgement. They are bloodthirsty and I am their sacrificial lamb!
memo_msg_e 1043


We may visit death upon the head of the sinner but to what avail? In the name of retribution, we took part in a bitter comedy this day. You, hanging as you do, by your neck, Unforgiven and cursed by all. Five of them committed crimes, six went out for a drink and were captured there. Only one of them was innocent, but they knew not that. The bloodstains remaining are proof of their guilt. Trodden upon and thus created, they are the paths to Hell or the Void.
The white bandages stained with crimson,
The remains upon the scorched black earth,
The whispered cries of the maiden.
They are but a meaningless contract.
They are also signs of guilt.
But one of them was done without reason. It was done out of fear and a ripe imagination. Spinning alone at the end of a rope, it is nothing less than a disgrace to us all.
memo_msg_e 1068


There is a rope hanging from the ceiling. Will you pull it?
С потолка свисает петля. Потянуть?


Only the sinless one can help you here. Mistakenly pull on a criminal's rope and your reward will be returned to you in a shape most wondrously strange.
Только безгрешный может помочь здесь.
Ошибочно потяни петлю преступника, и награда вернется к тебе в самом диковинном виде.



Beware ye though the punishment sended
Остерегайтесь наказания.


There's no reason to pull this anymore I guess.
Думаю, больше нет смысла тянуть за петлю.


You can't turn the handle unless you first remove the handcuffs.
Ручку(?) не отвернуть (провернуть?), мешают наручники.


There's a name inscribed on the tombstone. Eddie Dombrowski
На надгробии высечено имя. Эдди Домбровски


There's a name inscribed on the tombstone. Angela Orosco
На надгробии высечено имя. Анжела Ороско


There's a name inscribed on the tombstone. James Sunderland
На надгробии высечено имя. Джеймс Сандерленд

//
Maria? Maria...? Maria, no.... What happened to you? Why... why.... Mary....
Мария? Мария...? Мария, нет.... Что случилось с тобой? За что... за что.... Мэри....
//


There's nothing else for me in this room....
Здесь (В этой комнате in this room) больше ничего нужного....


I got the key of the Persecuted.
Я взял ключ Гонимого.


I used the key of the Persecuted.
Я использовал ключ Гонимого.


There's a name inscribed on the tombstone. Walter Sullivan
На надгробии высечено имя. Уолтер Салливан


The name on the tombstone is too scratched up to read.
Имя на надгробии слишком затерто, чтобы разобрать.


An epitaph is incribed here. This felon drank one last bottle of ale before he was executed and laid here to his eternal rest.
эпитафия.
Этот преступник выпил последнюю бутылку эля перед казнью и был навеки здесь упокоен.


There's a name inscribed on the tombstone. Miriam K. -"Traitor"
На надгробии высечено имя. Мириам К. - "Предательница".


There's a deep hole here. But there's nothing inside.
Глубокая могила(яма?). Но пустая.


There's nothing more that I can do here. I don't want to, but I'll have to just leave her here like this...
Больше я ничего не смогу сделать.
Не хочется, но придется просто оставить ее здесь...


The paper that was covering the corpse's face is lying here.
Бумага, закрывавшая лицо трупа.


Will you go down?
Спуститься?
