SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 49

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:


Maria and Laura are still in here. I can't just throw them away.
Мария и Лора еще здесь. Я не могу их бросить.


There's something like a card here.
Здесь что-то вроде карточки. (Здесь что-то похожее на карту.)


[Jack Davis]
He has attempted suicide three times in the past for reasons unknown. Although he is normally a model patient who follows doctor's and nurse's orders, he must be watched closely due to his past pattern of sudden and violent suicide attempts.
[Joseph Barkin]
His illness seems to be rooted in the fact that he believes he is guilty of causing his daughter's death. His symptoms suggest a psychotic break and paranoid delusions. Normally calm, but has a tendency towards violence when excited.
[Joshua Lewis]
History of hospitalization as well as numerous assault, battery and other violent offenses. He has a strong persecution complex and a tendency to solve things through violence. Extreme caution necessary.
memo_msg_e 719


It seems to be about the patients hospitalized here. 
Похоже, речь идет о госпитализированных здесь пациентах. 


Something is written on it.
На ней что-то написано. (Здесь что-то написано. металлист)


 The potential for this illness exists in all people and, under the right circumstances, any man or woman would be driven, like him, to "the other side."
 The "other side" perhaps may not be the best way to phrase it.
 After all, there is no wall between here and there. It lies on the borders where reality and unreality intersect. It is a place both close and distant.
 Some say it isn't even an illness. I cannot agree with them. I'm a doctor, not a philosopher or even a psychiatrist.
 But sometimes I have to ask myself this question. It's true that to us his imaginings are nothing but the inventions of a busy mind. But to him, there simply is no other reality.
 Furthermore he is happy there.
 So why, I ask myself, why in the name of healing him must we drag him painfully into the world of our own reality?
Something else is written by hand.
I got the key from Joseph. It's probably the key to that box.
memo_msg_e 738


 The pin number this month is "T". Last month it was "X" and before that it was "Z."
 But what are they going to do next month? That's all they can express with 4 numbers.
 Anyway does the door to the Patient Wing really need to have its combination changed this often?
memo_msg_e 555


I'm pressing the buttons but the elevator doesn't move.
Я нажимаю на кнопки, но лифт не едет.


I got the "Purple Bull" key.
Я взял ключ "Фиолетовый бык".


I used the examination room key.
Я использовал ключ от смотрового кабинета.


I got a map of the hospital.
Я взял карту госпиталя.


Where are you planning to go?
Куда ты собрался идти?


But we haven't found Laura yet.
Но мы еще не нашли Лору.
////

Laura.
Лора.


Huh? You know my name?
А? Знаешь, как меня зовут?


Eddie told me.
Эдди сказал мне.


That big, fat blabbermouth.
Вот же жирный болтун (болтливая свинья, пустозвон, пустослов). (Этот большой жирный трепач.металлист)


How do you know about Mary?
Откуда ты знаешь про Мэри?


What's the big deal?
А что такого?


Why can't you just tell me?
Почему нельзя просто рассказать мне?


You gonna yell at me if I don't?
Наорешь на меня, если я не скажу?


No... I won't.
Нет... не буду.


I was friends with Mary... We met at the hospital. It was last year...
Я дружила с Мэри... Мы познакомились в госпитале. В прошлом году...


You liar!! Laura, I...
Ты врешь!! Лора, я...


Fine! Don't believe me!
Ладно! Можешь не верить!


But last year, Mary was already... I'm sorry, Laura. Anyway, let's go. We can talk about this later. This is no place for a kid. There are all sorts of strange things around here... I can't believe you haven't even gotten a scratch on you.
Но в прошлом году Мэри уже...
Прости, Лора.
В любом случае, пойдем.
Мы можем поговорить позже.
Здесь не место для ребёнка.
Вокруг творятся странные вещи...
Не могу поверить, что на тебе нет ни царапины.


Why should I?
А должны быть?
////

3rd floor patient wing hall - 7335
memo_msg_e 895


There's something posted on the bulletin board. But it's not really anything of interest.
На доске объявлений что-то написано. Правда, ничего интересного. (Что-то вывешено на доске объявлений. Но все это не особо интересно. металл)


Different types of papers and documents. But there's nothing of interest for me.
Всякие бумаги и документы. Но ничего интересного для меня.


There's nothing of interest.
Ничего интересного.


Different kinds of memos are hanging up. But there's nothing of particular interest.
Здесь развешены разнообразные виды записок. Но ничего особо интересного. Разные записки (памятки металл). Ничего особо интересного.

There's nothing inside.
Внутри пусто.


There's a memo hanging on the refrigerator. Food only! Do not store drugs!
На холодильнике висит записка. Только для продуктов! Не хранить лекарства!


The locker's lock is broken.
Замок на шкафчике сломан.


Documents are scattered all over the table. There's nothing of particular interest.
По столу разбросаны документы. Ничего особо интересного.


There are medical records on the desk. Nothing particularly interesting.
На столе лежат медицинские карты. Ничего особенно интересного.


The shelf's glass door is open. What's this file...? Lab results from a personality disorder test. Lab results? ...I don't want to read this.
Дверца стеллажа не заперта. Что это за папка...?
Результаты теста на расстройство личности.
Результаты теста? ...не хочу это читать.


There's nothing useful.
Ничего полезного.
