SOURCE_TARGET: 1
VERSION: v1.4
HEADER: 0 0
ADDR:    
COUNT: 9

John_Modest Production
http://inetmedia.uni-dubna.ru/

BEGIN_SOURCE:




What's this... some gossip magazine, eh.
 The police announced today that Walter Sullivan, who was arrested on the 18th of this month for the brutal murder of Billy Locane and his sister Miriam, committed suicide in his jail cell early on the morning of the 22nd.
 According to the police statement, Sullivan used a soup spoon to stab himself in the neck, severing his carotid artery. By the time the guard discovered him, Sullivan was dead from blood loss, the spoon buried two inches in his neck.
 An old schoolmate of Walter Sullivan's from his hometown of Pleasant River said "He didn't look like the type of guy who would kill kids.
 But I do remember that just before they arrested him he was blurting out all sorts of strange stuff like 'He's trying to kill me. He's trying to punish me. The monster... the red devil. Forgive me. I did it, but it wasn't me!'."
 The schoolmate then added "I guess now that I think of it, he was kinda crazy."
Что это... ха, какой-то желтый журнал.
memo_msg_e 289


 The police announced today that Walter Sullivan, who was arrested on the 18th of this month for the brutal murder of Billy Locane and his sister Miriam, committed suicide in his jail cell early on the morning of the 22nd.
 According to the police statement, Sullivan used a soup spoon to stab himself in the neck,
severing his carotid artery.
 By the time the guard discovered him, Sullivan was dead from blood loss, the spoon buried two inches in his neck.
 An old schoolmate of Walter Sullivan's from his hometown of Pleasant River said "He didn't
look like the type of guy who would kill kids.
 But I do remember that just before they arrested him he was blurting out all sorts of strange stuff like 'He's trying to kill me. He's trying to punish me. The monster... the
red devil. Forgive me. I did it, but it wasn't me!'."
 The schoolmate then added "I guess now that I think of it, he was kinda crazy."
memo_msg_e 289


The door won't open.
It feels as if something is pushing on it from the other side.
Дверь не открывается.
Как будто что-то давит на нее с другой стороны.


Garbage, no use for that.
Бесполезный мусор.


There is no fire escape outside the door.
Maybe they knocked it down when they built the building next door?
I think I can get into the building next door if I go through the window in front of me.
За дверью нет пожарной лестницы.
Наверное, ее спилили при строительстве соседнего здания? Думаю, я смогу попасть в соседнее здание через окно напротив.


I got a coin [Snake].
Я взял монету [Змей].


The garbage bag is torn and the contents are strewn all over.
Мусорный пакет порвался и содержимое рассыпалось.


I got a coin [Old Man].
Я взял монету [Старик].


I think I'll look around this apartment some more.
 Something's not right.
Думаю, я еще немного осмотрю эти апартаменты.
Что-то не так.
